hundred fifty k
really in your own mall
I thought Nathan Forbes is known for his generosity
I sure am I just can't help
but to think that you're messing with me
we both know you didn't need my money
well
I just had to make sure that you deserved all the hype
you know
I always thought you were just another boring rich girl
no offense
don't take it it's almost like after that accident
you've become a whole new person
I see you in a different light
where's this player been all my life
maybe I am a whole new person
what matters is I'm here now
and how do I know that you're not playing me
you don't
you just have to bet on me
first
I gotta have a savior from the hands of that saleswoman
and second the security guard
what's next gonna have to break you out of jail
that's quite the bet be
oh high risk high reward